>> Steve Kinney: So I don't want to
discredit your hard work, but there is
a branch called Reduct Space where I
did it already and it's here for you.
So let's take a look to look at all
of the different parts implemented.
Because I'm pretty sure watching me write
a bunch of functions that return objects
would be very amusing to watch the typos,
but probably not the best
use of your time.
So we have filter actions,
will take texts and
will use this update 'unpack items filter
constant, which is again that string.
And I think I mentioned this earlier,
but I think I'll mention it again.
A big reason why you might consider
using constance is, two reasons.
One is if you make a typo,
it will blow up,
because that will not be
a variable name that exists.
And, two is that you get auto complete,
which almost eliminates the possibility
fo number one happening, right?
It likely you will autocomplete these so
that you won't make typos so
that things won't blow up.
Because otherwise, what happens
if you make a typo in the string,
when you run through those conditionals in
the reducer, just none of them will hit.
And you will lose probably 15
to 20 minutes of your life
trying to figure out exactly why that is.
So we have this update
unpacked items filter,
which is just going to update this text.
We'll see like what exactly happens
when we get to the reducer.
We have update packed items filter.
Those are the two filter
boxes on the screen.
For the items we have that original
add new item that I wrote earlier.
As well as a title item that will take
an id remove item mark all as packed.
Doesn't need any additional information
because it's doing it to all of the items.
Finally the new item actions
which is just that input field.
Which will basically keep track of the
value that's changing in that input field
so we can change it in this state.
A thing I'd like to bring your
attention to is I chose to keep
the input field in the redux store.
Mostly to show you what's
gonna be involved in this.
There's definitely a question
that you should ask yourself
when we talked about this in
the very beginning of the course
of this ephemeral state versus more
permanent long-lasting model state.
Do I need to keep this in sync myself?
Do I want to serialize what's
currently in the input field?
It depends on your application.
Right, and there will be some trade-offs
that we're gonna discuss in a second.
So, do not take the fact that
I did it right here as a,
you must always do everything.
I think it's very easy when you
first start with redox that,
everything should go in the redox store.
Right, and maybe some things should and
some things shouldn't.
But unfortunately, that's on you
to kind of make the decision about
based on some of the trade-offs
that we'll look at in a second.
So going back to the reducers, the index
reducer is simply using combined reducers.
I think that was already in there for you.
The filter reducer is basically taking,
looking for
the update unpacked items filter and
the packed items filter input fields and
it's basically changing that text.
This is an object with
effectively two properties.
Packed items filter,
unpacked items filter, and
all that it's doing is changing
the text on the respective property.
The items we do here is doing a lot
though we do in flux earlier or by hand,
it's at the state where we're
just changing an array.
So the state, and you'll notice that this
is just the state of items in this case.
So we have the state of the items.
We can filter through them.
We're gonna map through
them to swap them out.
This is the stuff we've done
a few times in this application.
So I don't wanna belabor it and
then finally the new item reducer
is just changing that value.
That's eventually going
to get path to the UI.
None of that is happening yet
cuz we have not written that code.
We have effectively only talked
about Redux so far in isolation.
These tests were technically written in
the same folder directory that also houses
a React app, cuz that is the station
that this train is about to arrive in.
But we haven't actually gotten there yet.
So this is all just Redux and
again, I can't stress this enough, objects
going into functions making new objects.
Very, I think one of my
favorite parts about Redox is,
while breaking stuff out can sometimes
get a little tedious to make actions, and
action creators, and reducers, there
is a certain value in the simplicity.
It is very easy to figure
out what's going on.
All right, very cool,
>> Steve Kinney: So
you might really like this
reducer pattern, right?
It's a little bit different.
We were looking at action
types with Flux earlier,
but we weren't necessarily like Reducing
and changing the state and replacing it.
You might, I use Flux at work and
I very much prefer this reducer pattern!
Can I use it?
And the answer is yes, right?
Cuz again, a lot of this stuff
is objects and functions but,
even better than that,
that flux library that we saw earlier
in the utils folder has this
thing called a reduce store.
And it effectively lets you do a redux
reducer in a normal flux implementation.
So you can that item store in this case is
going to inherit from this reduce store.
And the constructor,
we're just going to pass the dispatcher.
All right, in Redux we don't have
a dispatcher, in Flux we do.
We're gonna pass that
dispatcher to the super class.
And then we'll give it a reduce method
that is very similar to Redux's, right?
It takes the current state of
the world and the action, and
returns a new state of the world.
Right, cuz these are all
very much just Objects and
functions we can implement this as well.
So if you prefer this but you use a flux
app in your daily life you can still use
this pattern it is available to you.